# Runic-Clothing-Enhancements
Simple mod for C:DDA. Three tiers of basic clothing enhancements (Lesser, Normal, Greater) that will modify your clothes with what it says on the tin. There's one for every pre-Nested type of clothing enhancement possible. Material used is precious metals (scrap copper, silver, gold) to enhance your gear - effectively, you're stenciling runes on your equipment with a Tailor's Kit (or Enchanted Tailor's Kit), so there's no weight or negative consequences added. I debated making a special item or using Alchemist Runes as the material, but decided against it. Alchemist Runes do work, but you need Mana Infusing tools to make them, and those books don't spawn very often so you're basically never going to see this stuff. Making a special crafting item (like a runic stencil) was the other option, but no other clothing mod requires you to do that, so it struck me as not very much fun for the player ("Ah, I now have to make 24 widgets to get a minor encumbrance buff, yay me!"). So the precious metals are a compromise.

A few words of caution. For one, there's nothing stopping you from stacking multiple enchantments of different tiers on a piece of gear. For another, the bonuses can get crazy even if you just use a single grade of enchantment. This can lead to fun (enchant a suit and a fedora to be mid-grade armor, and run around like a fancy anime protagonist), or get broken very fast. Then again, armor is already suboptimal compared to dodging, so perhaps it doesn't matter much.

Third, the Warp Space enchantments might not make sense. They're the storage space ones, and can be applied to any clothing. So you could have socks that give you additional carrying capacity. You can view this as minor magical pockets being created, D&D style (Belt of Many Pouches), or that the clothing enhances other things that DO have actual pockets to be deeper than they looked otherwise.

Fourth, be careful if running this with other clothing mods from other mods (such as 42's Small Mod). There's some odd interactions between them that I can't quite work out. I think it's the usual last-in-line logic that applies to mods, but can't be sure. If the clothing mod options aren't showing up in your Tailor's Kit, make sure that this mod is after other mods that add additional clothing mods. Arcana is fine - the Druid's Staff uses a different system, and doesn't seem to interfere. 42's Small Mod added Chitin and Acid Chitin plating enhancements, so that's why there's a Materials Mod entry here - you can safely delete 42's clothing mods listings, as they're duplicated here.
